README.md, before:

# dooboo-ui-native

[![Npm Version](http://img.shields.io/npm/v/@dooboo-ui/native.svg?style=flat-square)](https://npmjs.org/package/@dooboo-ui/native)
[![Downloads](http://img.shields.io/npm/dm/@dooboo-ui/native.svg?style=flat-square)](https://npmjs.org/package/@dooboo-ui/native)
[![CircleCI](https://circleci.com/gh/dooboolab/dooboo-ui-native.svg?style=shield)](https://circleci.com/gh/dooboolab/dooboo-ui-native)
[![codecov](https://codecov.io/gh/dooboolab/dooboo-ui-native/branch/master/graph/badge.svg)](https://codecov.io/gh/dooboolab/dooboo-ui-native)
![License](http://img.shields.io/npm/l/@dooboo-ui/native.svg?style=flat-square)

React Native widgets made by `dooboolab`.
We currently love [react-hooks](https://code.fb.com/open-source/react-hooks) and willing to share our [react-native](https://facebook.github.io/react-native) widgets built in [Functional Component](https://logrocket.com/blog/pure-functional-components) using hooks.

## Contributing to `@dooboo-ui/native`

- See also
  - dooboolab's [vision-and-mission](https://github.com/dooboolab/dooboolab.com/blob/master/vision-and-mission.md)
  - dooboolab's [code of conduct](https://github.com/dooboolab/dooboolab.com/blob/master/code-of-conduct.md)
- [Contributing](CONTRIBUTING.md)

## List of widgets

- [SwitchToggle](https://github.com/dooboolab/dooboo-ui-native/tree/master/src/components/shared/SwitchToggle)
- [Accordion](https://github.com/dooboolab/dooboo-ui-native/tree/master/src/components/shared/Accordion)
- [CalendarCarousel](https://github.com/dooboolab/dooboo-ui-native/tree/master/src/components/shared/CalendarCarousel)
- [LoadingIndicator](https://github.com/dooboolab/dooboo-ui-native/tree/master/src/components/shared/LoadingIndicator)
- [Button](https://github.com/dooboolab/dooboo-ui-native/tree/master/src/components/shared/Button)
- [EditText](https://github.com/dooboolab/dooboo-ui-native/tree/master/src/components/shared/EditText)
- [GiftedChat](https://github.com/dooboolab/dooboo-ui-native/tree/master/src/components/shared/GiftedChat)
- [ButtonGroup](https://github.com/dooboolab/dooboo-ui-native/tree/master/src/components/shared/ButtonGroup)

## Comaptability

> Your `react-native` version should support `react-hooks` which will be `>=0.59`.

Commit message:

Componetize [SwitchToggle] (#32)
* Componetize [SwitchToggle]
* Release [SwitchTogle] 0.3.1
* Componetize remaining components
   - Except [CalendarCarousel].
* Add more `eslintignore`
* Update npm publish config
* Update readme
* Update snapshot

README.md, after:

# dooboo-ui-native

[![Npm Version](http://img.shields.io/npm/v/@dooboo-ui/native.svg?style=flat-square)](https://npmjs.org/package/@dooboo-ui/native)
[![Downloads](http://img.shields.io/npm/dm/@dooboo-ui/native.svg?style=flat-square)](https://npmjs.org/package/@dooboo-ui/native)
[![CircleCI](https://circleci.com/gh/dooboolab/dooboo-ui-native.svg?style=shield)](https://circleci.com/gh/dooboolab/dooboo-ui-native)
[![codecov](https://codecov.io/gh/dooboolab/dooboo-ui-native/branch/master/graph/badge.svg)](https://codecov.io/gh/dooboolab/dooboo-ui-native)
![License](http://img.shields.io/npm/l/@dooboo-ui/native.svg?style=flat-square)

React Native widgets made by `dooboolab`.
We currently love [react-hooks](https://code.fb.com/open-source/react-hooks) and willing to share our [react-native](https://facebook.github.io/react-native) widgets built in [Functional Component](https://logrocket.com/blog/pure-functional-components) using hooks.

## Contributing to `@dooboo-ui/native`

- See also
  - dooboolab's [vision-and-mission](https://github.com/dooboolab/dooboolab.com/blob/master/vision-and-mission.md)
  - dooboolab's [code of conduct](https://github.com/dooboolab/dooboolab.com/blob/master/code-of-conduct.md)
- [Contributing](CONTRIBUTING.md)
  - Try to make good `shared` component and test it in `storybook` or in `sample` screen. Then it's all go to go with `pull request`. Give it a try :blossom:.

## List of widgets

- [Accordion](https://github.com/dooboolab/dooboo-ui-native/tree/master/src/components/shared/Accordion)
- [Button](https://github.com/dooboolab/dooboo-ui-native/tree/master/src/components/shared/Button)
- [ButtonGroup](https://github.com/dooboolab/dooboo-ui-native/tree/master/src/components/shared/ButtonGroup)
- [CalendarCarousel](https://github.com/dooboolab/dooboo-ui-native/tree/master/src/components/shared/CalendarCarousel)
- [EditText](https://github.com/dooboolab/dooboo-ui-native/tree/master/src/components/shared/EditText)
- [GiftedChat](https://github.com/dooboolab/dooboo-ui-native/tree/master/src/components/shared/GiftedChat)
- [LoadingIndicator](https://github.com/dooboolab/dooboo-ui-native/tree/master/src/components/shared/LoadingIndicator)
- [SearchInput](https://github.com/dooboolab/dooboo-ui-native/tree/master/src/components/shared/SearchInput)
- [SwitchToggle](https://github.com/dooboolab/dooboo-ui-native/tree/master/src/components/shared/SwitchToggle)

## Comaptability

> Your `react-native` version should support `react-hooks` which will be `>=0.59`.
> Currently we are using `styled-components@4.4.0`.
